# Number Sapper Game
This game was inspired by old good Win Sapper Game and entitled as "Number Sapper Game". The main idea of this game is to guess the numbers which are cells with bombs. The list of these cells are generated randomly at the beggining of the game after the gaming mode choice, and the gamer's task is to input the numbers in the range. If the gamer guess all numbers - it is the win scenario, if he guess at least one - he wooden, which means semi-win scenario, if there are no guessed numbers in a gamer'a set - it is the lose scenario and game is over. There are 3 gaming modes: light (guess 3 numbers from the 10), normal (guess 4 numbers from the 15) and nightmare (guess 5 numbers from the 20). The gaming mode is made by the gamer at the beginning of the game.
# Metrics for site
Calculates metrics for the e-shop, including 3 additional metrics for the the site:
- Percent of involved users for the period This indicator might be used for the ad company succcess evaluation. Also we may analyze the ratio of new and regular customers. Also, if we will analyze this metrics during the year, we may realize the top and bottom months for the new customers attraction.
- Retention Due to the retention we may find out while customers are get used with our product. To calculate we have to divide the number of unique customers in the previous month to the number of users in the calculated month. For example, in January we had 100 unique customers, in February - 20 unique customers, thus ret = 20 / 100 * 100 = 20% This means that there are 20% of customers who came back for our goods. The good sign is the long-term positive stability.
- Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) Gross Merchandise Volume is the total sum of revenue of the sold goods during the period. This metrics might be also used for compartive goods' evaluation. GMV is calculated as number of purchases * average order value.
# Ticket agregator
Python based ticket agregator, includes additional metrics for the search and output classification: The safest": without nightover (transfer at night), without airport change, the average aircraft age is less than 5 years and no covid-restrictions at the destination point. "Normal": 1 or less nightovers, 1 or less airport change, the average aircraft age is from 5 to 7 years and no covid-restrictions. And "The unsafe": 1 or more nightovers, 2 or more airport changes and the average aircraft age is more than 7 years there are may be covid-restrictions at the destination point. The unclassified ones are considered in the "Other" category.
# NMIST recognition
Python based numbers handwriting recognition (from 0 to 9).
